the heart and soul of the game is at the
boxing voice I know what the site in the
game casita boxer boy boxing boys calm
live here with world renowned trainer
Virgil hunter coming into a big fight
Friday night aamir khan vs chris algieri
this is going to be a battle not only
for a mere kaam before yourself you're
going to be going up some world-class
opposition when it comes to trainers in
John David Jackson do you welcome the
competition I think you get into the
sport for the competition most certainly
John David is a renowned trainer he's
proving it he's proven that he
understands the game as a participant as
well as a mentor mentor and a tutor so
it's a privilege and an honor to go up
against you I consider i consider you
sort of a thinker obviously you slow
your fighters down you have them make
more calculated decisions in the ring
when the cameras are on for these lights
out series or in the past 24 7 s all
access whatever the case may be and
they're watching Virgil hunter teach how
much of that is your true teachings that
we get to see on television I'm kind of
follow you mean how much is it for the
camera on how much how much of what we
get to see on TV of you actually you
know when you're in the ring which ward
or Aamir Khan how much of that is you
were your actual teaching and not
propaganda for the camera meaning can we
whatever we see is that really what you
you want your fighter to do in the ring
well i don't think i would send a man to
war and when he need a ak-47 to telling
the 538 so I mean I would be felling the
fighter so never even gave it any
thought you know after a while you
to understand what boxing brains but you
still have to stay focused on what you
do so without a doubt I mean propagandas
really i just learned that word from you
today well I just wanted to ask because
you know what you know your opponent is
looking so if you if you're giving out
what you actually want to happen on
fight night maybe they can pick up on
that advantage so I don't know if you
turn things around and the reason that I
truly bring it up is because when I
interviewed John David Jackson earlier
today he said that he's seen some of the
clips from lights out and he seemed it
in his opinion again and obviously the
video will be up in your hair it
yourself but he says that he's seen you
showing Aamir Khan to do certain things
that he felt in his mind were wrong and
he said yes this is good we got him they
already making mistakes so I just wanted
to know beforehand how much of that is
really your teachings and can a guy like
John David Jackson take something out of
a short 15-minute clip well there was a
piece of footage in there that I was
upset about that I didn't think they
should have show but so far John David
is Owen one against me so I don't know
what he saw but we all see things it's
not what he sees and what I see is what
the fighters seized and also if I see
something in the fighter can't do it
what difference does it make anyway you
know I might see something to go on but
the fighter has to be able to do it he
has to be able to see it it's not what
the coach sees the fighter has to see it
and then you have to give him that
vision and unfold but what all these
things going on in that ring you can't
wait around to see something he'll go
back to who he always been it's been too
short time for Algeria and David Jackson
a lot of people say that that when
you're in the ring and you get hit you
resort to what you know but I think that
that may be slightly different in your
in aamir khan's case because he's been
hitting now you guys have been together
for some time and seems like you've
changed them you know he was a guy that
would you know throw a lot of punches
and dart in and out but wouldn't really
take his time and patience to really
show the skills that he has and now
with each passing fight he's kind of
dominating these guys the luis collazo
fight was one-sided the devon alexander
fight was one-sided and outside of the
drop you know the knockdown in the whole
loyalty is Phi it was pretty much maybe
you know two rounds to Julio dish so
she's been doing very well under your
tutelage rug would you say that yourself
or do you feel that there's still more
you can get out of Aamir Khan but it's
desert you're right there's a lot more
that he has to offer i mean you know
when you're giving his kind of gifts you
should really set the bar high you know
they have a saying you can't teach an
old dog new tricks well I wasn't trying
to teach him any tricks I was just
trying to renew his mind and open up a
vision for him and I think that when you
get a fighter like Aamir Khan or any
other fighter you know you have to give
them the vision first and once they see
the vision then they understand the
philosophy behind it and then you'll
find out if they could they were already
able to do that so I think that's where
you can see the progression he's slowing
it up you've once you find out his
personality is uh you know his
tendencies you know he does everything
fast he walks fancy bronze bears he
doesn't do anything slow so once you
find out his anxiousness you know what
makes him tick then you address those
issues if you address that then you
address a lot of things if I address his
tendency to just rush and I'm able to
slowing down and the things that he's
doing he was already capable of knowing
them so it's like a basketball player
you know he can get to the hole too fast
to the basket too fast he got there but
he missed a basket but when they go to
the basket just right in time to put the
ball through the hoop so it was just a
matter of getting upstairs and not
trying to change him into new tricks
anything like that do you see anything
wrong with aamir khan's ambitious nature
you know he usually gets called out on
it a lot because he's been in big fights
but thinking of the even bigger fight
before hand and come up short a few
times but he's always got enough but do
you think
his ambition could be the I guess the
death of him maybe because he's not
focusing let's say on this fight we're
assuming he's going to focus on Chris
Algieri but he's all over the media
Aamir Khan Pacquiao Aamir Khan
Mayweather he feels he's the guy that
can beat those guys but should he be
worrying about Chris Algieri first again
is that ambition going to be the as
undoing well i can honestly say that his
aunt his focus is on chris algieri he
hasn't went to anyone and brought these
issues up they usually stick a
microphone in his face and ask him these
questions and his nature by nature he is
a very polite young man so he's going to
answer your question but he's been
schooled a long time ago not to put one
foot in front of the other until it's
time so what they what someone might
perceive at this point as him being
ambitious is actually should be
rephrased is just simply being polite
because he understands and I wouldn't
allow it in the first place but the
press being the press well whatever
whoever they hit hard and whoever's
masquerading as the press or whatever
they stick a microphone in his face and
they asking the Mayweather questions to
pack our questions and things like that
they do it with everybody you know I
don't see no fighter exempt from that
you know what do you want to fight after
a while unless they're creative you know
like you or somebody they tend to get
redundant they ask the same thing over
and over and piggyback off each other so
it just comes with the territory but as
long as I know he's focused on Chris
Algieri because every fight as I
explained to him as a dangerous fighter
don't take the one moment here to lose a
fight so I'm confident he's focused
Chris Algieri
you